I want to split the single image I sent you into 8 different layers. This means that each layer will just be part of the image, the very first layer will be just the astronaut and the very front rocks. The second layer will be the next set of rocks, etc. So when I stack all the 8 images, I get the original image. But the main difference is that I want the image layers to be "separated", meaning that when I create the 8 layers, I want everything but that specific layer to be transparent. For example, the first layer would be the astronaut and the closest rocks, everything else would be transparent. The second layer would be the second set of rocks and terrain that you could image would be behind the two closest rocks, and everything else would be transparent (except for the contents of the second layer). The third layer would be the right hill thats a little further than the second layer (everything else would be transparent however to maintain the parallax effect, you must include the ground and have that extend downwards in the image. The fourth layer would be the left hill thats even further away. The fifth layer would be the colony/civilzation and buildings, everything else would be transparent other than the image including the grouind once again to preserve the parallax effect. The 6th layer would be the large mountains in the background on the left of the given image. The 7th layer would be the large mountains in the background on the right of the image. And finally, the 8th layer would be the large moon in the background.

for now though just generate me the first layer.